Updated Documentation (API Changes, On-Prem. FPGAs, Distributed Metasim) (#1026)
firesim/firesim: docs/Advanced-Usage/Manager/Manager-Configuration-Files.rst

Below, we outline each section and parameter in detail.

``build_farm``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> In this section, you specify the specific build farm name that you wish to use to build FPGA bitstreams (see ``config_build_farm.yaml`` for build farm options and specification).

Reviewer: You might be able to provide the gh ref here to a sample?  Also "build farm name" -> "build farm definition"?

Author: I'll change this to instead refer to the doc section on build farms. Additionally, I think "build farm name" -> "build farm configuration" makes more sense here.

> For example, if you want to run your FPGA builds on a pre-specified build farm that automatically spawns EC2 instances per FPGA build, you can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you want to run your FPGA builds on a pre-specified build farm that automatically spawns an EC2 instance per FPGA build, you can
```

        firesim_rocket_quadcore_nic_l2_llc4mb_ddr3

``share_with_accounts``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

A list of AWS account IDs that you want to share the AGFIs listed in
``agfis_to_share`` with when calling the manager's ``shareagfi`` command. You
should specify names in the form ``usersname: AWSACCTID``. The left-hand-side is
just for human readability, only the actual account IDs listed here matter. If you specify ``public: public`` here, the AGFIs are shared publicly, regardless of any other entires that are present.

.. _config-build-farm:

``config_build_farm.yaml``
--------------------------

Here is a sample of this configuration file:

.. include:: /../deploy/sample-backup-configs/sample_config_build_farm.yaml
   :code: yaml

Below, we outline each section and parameter in detail.

Build farm configuration sections, e.g. ``awesome_build_farm``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

In this file, you can specify as many build farm configuration sections as you want,
each with a header like ``awesome_build_farm`` (i.e. a nice, short name
you made up). Such a section must contain the following fields:

``build_farm_type``
"""""""""""""""""""""

> This field maps the build farm configuration to a specific build farm class name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This field specifies the name of the python `build farm class` that implements your desired build farm.
```
Remove the parenthetical on the next line, it confused me.

(or in other words, a build farm definition). By default, build farm classes can
be found in :gh-file-ref:`deploy/buildtools/buildfarm.py`. However, you can specify
your own custom build farm classes by adding your python file to the ``PYTHONPATH``.
For example, to use the ``AWSEC2`` build farm class, you would write ``build_farm_type: AWSEC2``.

``args``
"""""""""""""""""""""

This section specifies all arguments needed for the specific ``build_farm_type`` used.
For a list of arguments needed for a specific build farm class, users should refer to
the ``_parse_args`` function in the build farm class given by ``build_farm_type``.

Mainline build farm configurations
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> There are two mainline build farm configurations provided (with their corresponding build farm classes in :gh-file-ref:`deploy/buildtools/buildfarm.py`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two mainline build farm configurations provided (their build farm classes are defined in :gh-file-ref:`deploy/buildtools/buildfarm.py`).
```

``ec2_build_farm (AWSEC2)``
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""

.. literalinclude:: /../deploy/sample-backup-configs/sample_config_build_farm.yaml
   :language: yaml
   :start-after: DOCREF START: EC2 Build Farm
   :end-before: DOCREF END: EC2 Build Farm

This build farm configuration provides the default EC2 build farm functionality
of FireSim 1.13.x and earlier. For each AGFI (FireSim AWS EC2 F1 FPGA Image) being
built, a new EC2 instance (build host) will be spawned according to the build farm configuration
arguments. Its ``build_farm_type`` is set as the ``AWSEC2`` build farm class.

The ``instance_type`` argument defines the type of instance that the build will run on.

> Generally, running on a ``z1d.2xlarge`` is sufficient. In our experience, using more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generally, running on a ``z1d.2xlarge`` is sufficient. For very large designs, using a z1d.3xlarge may be required to handle Vivado's memory footprint.`
```
You'll have to clean up the next line.

Reviewer: It's still worth saying higher frequency instances may not help that much.

Author: Help in speeding up builds correct?

powerful instances than this provides little gain.

The ``build_instance_market`` argument specifies the AWS market used. You can specify either

> ``spot`` or ``ondemand`` here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``spot`` or ``ondemand``.
```

When ``build_instance_market: spot``, the ``spot_interruption_behavior`` and ``spot_max_price``
arguments determines spot instance behaviors. The ``spot_interruption_behavior`` value
determines what happens to an instance if it receives the interruption signal from AWS. You can specify
either ``hibernate``, ``stop``, or ``terminate`` for this value. The ``spot_max_price``
value determines the max price you are willing to pay per instance, in dollars.
You can also set it to ``ondemand`` to set your max to the on-demand price for the instance.

> The ``default_build_dir`` argument specifies the default location of the build directory used

Reviewer: Can you explain why "default" is included in the name? It suggests there may be reasons it is put elsewhere.

Author: Technically, the "default_" part is not needed. The build directory on the build host will always be located by this argument. I added "default_" here because Sagar wanted the names to be consistent between the EC2/Localhost build farms.

Author: I added an extra sentence mentioning that this can't be overridden.

on the spawned build host which will hold build outputs from Vivado and other tools.

``local_build_farm (ExternallyProvisioned)``
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

.. literalinclude:: /../deploy/sample-backup-configs/sample_config_build_farm.yaml
   :language: yaml
   :start-after: DOCREF START: Local Build Farm
   :end-before: DOCREF END: Local Build Farm

This build farm configuration allows users to provide their own build hosts
(build machines) to be used for building FPGA images.
In the case of AGFI builds and this specific configuration, this allows for users to build AGFIs locally

> (and potentially on other build hosts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or on a set of machines they maintain.
```

Its ``build_farm_type`` is set as the ``ExternallyProvisioned`` build farm class.
This build farm class assumes that the list of IPs given to it are pre-setup to work
with FireSim (Vivado installed, FireSim dependencies installed, etc).

The ``default_build_dir`` argument specifies the default location of the build directory used
on the build host which will hold build outputs from Vivado and other tools.
This location can be overridden by specific build farm hosts (see ``build_farm_hosts`` description).

> The ``build_farm_hosts`` argument section provides a list of IP addresses (and ``localhost``) that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``build_farm_hosts`` argument section provides a list of IP addresses that
```
The "and" was confusing and your example covers it.

Reviewer: also you probably want to use "host names" in place of "IP addresses" in this section.

in greater detail :ref:`here<generating-different-targets>`).  If
``TARGET_PROJECT`` is undefined the manager will default to ``firesim``.
Setting ``TARGET_PROJECT`` is required for building the MIDAS examples
(``TARGET_PROJECT: midasexamples``) with the manager, or for building a
user-provided target project.

``s3_bucket_name``
""""""""""""""""""""""""""

This is used behind the scenes in the AGFI creation process. You will only
ever need to access this bucket manually if there is a failure in AGFI creation
in Amazon's backend.

> Naming rules: this must be all lowercase and you should stick to letters and numbers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Naming rules: this must be all lowercase and you should stick to letters and numbers ([a-z0-9]).
```
Good to be explicit here.
